hello everyone and welcome thank you for
tuning in for another video today we're
going to be taking a look at the very
first few images shown for the third map
pack for call of duty ghosts cooled
invasion we a Jew information about this
map pack a lot of you guys have been
asking about it and this is the very
first pieces of official information
we've gotten thus far it does actually
come from the call of duty website
however it wasn't supposed to go up so
this is sort of like an early teaser
that accidentally happened and i'm here
to share if you guys the images that
were on the site now a lot of fake
images went around for this third map
pack invasion and you guys sent the
images you tweet me images and i just
didn't bother covering it because all of
them have been faked at least none of
the match up with the images that we
have gotten today so anything you may
have seen leading up to a state any
poster images any poor quality gun
images not true not real however we are
starting to get the very first pieces of
details today so on the call of duty
website in certain countries the very
first images went live on the call of
duty website by accident and will taken
down quite quickly afterwards however we
do get a look at three of the
multiplayer maps included within the
invasion dlc now typically with all the
dlc packages we've seen so far we've
gotten a bonus weapon for multiplayer
for multiplayer maps one of them being a
remake and then also of course
extinction mode you've been a lot of fun
so far today we just have images of 3
multiplayer maps no news on the new
weapon or extinction so let me show it
share if you guys the images so you guys
can take a look yourself these look very
cool very very unique art style for all
three of the images and from what i can
tell none of them come directly from the
single-player they look very cool so
let's start off with departed now
there's a little bit of information
about departed when the website was
briefly up apparently departed is
classic combat through the festive
streets of a mexican town celebrating
now i'm going to try and say it is
properly but apologized by butcher the
pronunciation
drd las maletas probably sounds terrible
but that's a very short description that
we have for the map you can see on
screen here departed looks very colorful
very bright and vibrant I like that
about this map hopefully it plays out
well the next map we've seen is mutiny
this is very dark very eerie almost the
opposite of departed and you can see a
very big actual ship in the center there
looks to be some sort of like pirate
themed ship we don't get too much of a
look on the map and unfortunately over
the description for this map but as I
said a very unique art art style and
very unique design and finally the third
map that we've seen is Pharaoh which
you'd expect to be based around an
egyptian-themed you can see the pyramids
in the background with in the foreground
you have what looks to be like a
worn-down building you can see like a
Ledge going up to the left and then a
possible entrance into that building on
the right hand side but I'm excited for
these three maps if they play out
anywhere as near as good as they look
because these images and my opinion look
very very cool and hopefully we'll have
some great multiplayer maps within the
invasion dlc now we don't know what the
fourth we make map is yet that seems to
be sort of undercover and under wraps
it's gonna be really interesting to see
what that's going to be they of course
gotta reimagine a shin of dome last time
going to be interesting to see what we
get next time for a specific Infinity
Ward map that you would like to see
return from previous Call of Duty's with
an invasion let me know down below in
the comment section as always want to
get more updates and more details on
this map pack including new weapons
extinction etc I'll keep you guys
updated here on my youtube channel I'll
expect details extremely soon guys we've
been waiting for this third map pack for
a while and if these images are
accidentally going live on the call of
duty site and expect some sort of
trailer or something extremely soon to
make sure as they imposed it so cheers
for watching guys on screen here you can
check out another video including me
playing call of duty on the pc and
somehow surviving an IED death it was
pretty crazy and you can also check out
a new series over on my second channel
more ali-a so just watching guys hope
you've enjoyed have a fantastic day and
I'll see you guys on my next video